{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Italic;\f4\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red19\green19\blue19;\red33\green34\blue36;
\red25\green25\blue25;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c9804\c9804\c9804;\cssrgb\c17255\c17647\c18824;
\cssrgb\c12941\c12941\c12941;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl342\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\'a0
\fs29\fsmilli14667 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi-14\sl329\sa6\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 Annie, F. H., Bates, M. C., Khan, M., Zahid, S., Shah, S. I., Nanjundappa, A., Wyner, J. R., 
\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \

\fs32 \cf3 Anderson, E., Farooq, A., Wood, M., & Challa, A. (2021). Stroke Incidence and Outcome Disparity in Rural Regions of Southern West Virginia. Journal of emergencies, trauma, and shock, 14(4), 201\'96206. https://doi.org/10.4103/JETS.JETS_191_20 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs34 \cf4 Bergland, C. (2014, January 15). The 3 Most Significant Risk Factors for Child Obesity. Researchers identify 3 surprising primary risks for childhood obesity.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf4 Retrieved fromhttps://www.psychologytoday.com/us/blog/the-athletes-way/201401/the-3-most-significant-risk-factors-child-obesity/.\
\pard\pardeftab720\fi-14\sl329\sa6\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs34 \cf5 \cb6 Brown, T., Moore, T. H., Hooper, L., Gao, Y., Zayegh, A., Ijaz, S., Elwenspoek, M., Foxen, S. C., Magee, L., O'Malley, C., Waters, E., & Summerbell, C. D. (2019). Interventions for preventing obesity in children. 
\f1\i The Cochrane database of systematic reviews
\f0\i0 , 
\f1\i 7
\f0\i0 (7), CD001871. https://doi.org/10.1002/14651858.CD001871.pub4
\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl342\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 \'a0
\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi-14\sl329\sa6\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 Kozhimannil, K. B., & Henning-Smith, C. (2021). Improving Health Among Rural Residents in the 
\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \

\fs32 \cf3 US. JAMA, 325(11), 1033\'961034. https://doi.org/10.1001/jama.2020.26372 
\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl342\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 \'a0
\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi-14\sl329\sa6\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 Tabone, J. K., Cox, S., Aylward, L., Abunnaja, S., Szoka, N., & Tabone, L. E. (2022). The Roles of Depression and Binge Eating in the Relationship Between Adverse Childhood Experiences (ACEs) and Obesity. Obesity surgery, 10.1007/s11695-022-06192-9. Advance online publication. 
\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \

\fs32 \cf3 https://doi.org/10.1007/s11695-022-06192-9 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf5 \cb6 Reeves, G. M., Postolache, T. T., & Snitker, S. (2008). Childhood Obesity and Depression: Connection between these Growing Problems in Growing Children.\'a0
\f3\i International journal of child health and human development : IJCHD
\f2\i0 ,\'a0
\f3\i 1
\f2\i0 (2), 103\'96114.
\f0 \cf3 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi-14\sl329\sa6\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl342\partightenfactor0

\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi-14\sl329\sa6\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 Walter, S. M., Dai, Z., & Wang, K. (2021). Obesity, Migraine, and Overlapping Comorbidities in a Rural Pediatric Population. Journal of neurosciences in rural practice, 12(3), 524\'96529. 
\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \

\fs32 \cf3 https://doi.org/10.1055/s-0041-1727574 
\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl342\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 \'a0
\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi-14\sl329\sa6\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 Zhou, Q., Zhao, L., Zhang, L., Xiao, Q., Wu, T., Visscher, T., Zhao, J., Xin, J., Yu, X., Xue, H., Li, H., Pan, J., & Jia, P. (2021). Neighborhood supermarket access and childhood obesity: A systematic review. Obesity reviews : an official journal of the International Association for the Study of Obesity, 22 Suppl 1(Suppl 1), e12937. https://doi.org/10.1111/obr.12937\cf2  \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa160\partightenfactor0

\fs34 \cf4 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
West Virginia Health Statistics Center, West Virginia Behavioral Risk Factor Surveillance System Report 2018\
Retrieved from https://dhhr.wv.gov/hpcd/data_reports/pages/fast-facts.aspx. \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\partightenfactor0

\f4 \cf2 \cb6 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Retrieved from {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.americashealthrankings.org/"}}{\fldrslt America's Health Rankings | AHR}} 2021\
\
Retrieved from https://www.americashealthrankings.org/explore/annual
\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cb1 \
}